Added POS to `Hardware categories` page (#773)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/getting-started/hardware.md

   height = 400
%}

Many users back up their wallet using stainless steel metal plates that have their recovery phrase etched into them. This protects the recovery phrase from [various forms](https://blog.lopp.net/metal-bitcoin-seed-storage-stress-test-iv/) of physical destruction. [Seedplate](https://seedplate.com/) is an example of such a product.

A simpler option is writing a recovery phrase on a piece of paper. Paper can be easily destroyed compared to steel, making this option less secure.

Some applications, such as [Muun](https://blog.muun.com/why-not-just-a-mnemonic/) have users print out encrypted PDF backups that contain all the required recovery data, not just the recovery phrase.

See [bitcoin backups]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/backups/' | relative_url }}) for more details.

> ## External signers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hardware wallets
```
I noticed it says "also known as external signers" immediately below this, so assuming we should change the title back to hardware wallets.

Author: I thought I did change it back, my bad thanks for that !

   height = 400
%}

Many users back up their wallet using metal plates that have their recovery phrase etched into them. This protects the recovery phrase from [various forms](https://blog.lopp.net/metal-bitcoin-seed-storage-stress-test-iv/) of physical destruction. [Seedplate](https://seedplate.com/) is an example of such a product.

A simpler option is writing a recovery phrase on a piece of paper. Paper can be easily destroyed compared to steel, making this option less secure.

Some applications, such as [Muun](https://blog.muun.com/why-not-just-a-mnemonic/) have users print out encrypted PDF backups that contain all the required recovery data, not just the recovery phrase.

See [bitcoin backups]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/backups/' | relative_url }}) for more details.

## Hardware wallets

> _Also known as external signers_

Reviewer 2: This looks weird as a stand-alone sentence on the preview page. Adding a period might help.

Reviewer: Without punctuation, it functions like a subheading. Adding a period would turn it into an incomplete sentence, so we shouldn't do that, @GBKS. 

@Bosch-0 I'd recommend doing one of these:

- Leaving as is
- Merging it with one of the sentences, e.g. "Bitcoin hardware wallets, also known as _signers_, act like bitcoin-centric security keys."
- Add it to a [tip box](https://bitcoin.design/guide/contribute/formatting/#tips).

Author: I'll go with point 2

   height = 400
%}

> Bitcoin hardware wallets act like bitcoin-centric security keys. They isolate the recovery phrase, private keys and other sensitive data from the internet and other devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitcoin hardware wallets act like bitcoin-centric security keys. They isolate the recovery phrase, private keys, and other sensitive data from the internet and other devices.
```

> Bitcoin hardware wallets act like bitcoin-centric security keys. They isolate the recovery phrase, private keys and other sensitive data from the internet and other devices.

Reviewer: What's an example of "other sensitive data" for a hardware wallet?

Author: Descriptors / xpub are two that come to mind.

Author: xpub is derived from the PK so it isn't really stored, descriptors though are stored though - I'm pretty sure this is the case with Coldcard (one of the only HWW fully supporting descriptors atm).

Lightning node software can be run on a smartphone. Though, this often comes with trusting a third-party for certain node functions such as payment path construction. For this reason, dedicated hardware Lightning nodes may be a better option for those who do not want a trust-minimized setup.

Heavy users of the Lightning Network, such as routing node operators, often run Lightning nodes on dedicated hardware. Lightning nodes require 24/7 uptime, which is much easier to achieve with dedicated hardware. Lightning nodes also require the private keys to be stored on the same device. Dedicated hardware reduces the attack surface and makes it easier to secure private keys.

[Plug-and-play hardware nodes](https://samouraiwallet.com/nodl) exist and make it simple to set up a dedicated hardware node. The most common way people run dedicated hardware nodes is installing a node OS, like [Umbrel](https://getumbrel.com/) or [MyNode](https://mynodebtc.com/), on a hardware device.

> See our [nodes]({{ '/guide/glossary/node/' | relative_url }}) for more details on how these work.

Author: ```suggestion
See our [nodes]({{ '/guide/glossary/node/' | relative_url }}) page for more details on how they work.
```

   retina = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/hardware/atm@2x.jpg"
   mobile = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/hardware/atm-mobile.jpg"
   mobileRetina = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/hardware/atm-mobile@2x.jpg"

>    alt-text = "Examples of hardware wallets."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   alt-text = "Example of a bitcoin ATM."
```

You can find local ATMs using services like [coinatmradar](https://coinatmradar.com/).

## Point of sale

People looking to accept bitcoin payments, especially when using the lightning network, sometimes use dedicated point of sale (POS) terminals when selling goods and services.

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/hardware/point-of-sale.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/hardware/point-of-sale@2x.jpg"
   mobile = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/hardware/point-of-sale-mobile.jpg"
   mobileRetina = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/hardware/point-of-sale-mobile@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "Examples of point of sale hardware devices."
   width = 800
   height = 400

> %}

Reviewer: Would it be a good idea to include a tablet in this image as well? Something like one of the Square POS tablets mounted on the swivel? While the tiny little brick device is definitely a thing, many businesses accepting bitcoin are doing it through a tablet based POS and I only see that trend continuing.

I propose this in the same spirit as the hardware wallets image which shows devices of all shapes and sizes.

Author: Yeah I can add that, good suggestion!

> Dedicated bitcoin POS hardware is used to request and receive bitcoin payments in-person. These act very similar to traditional POS systems but present to payees a bitcoin on-chain, lightning, or [unified](https://bitcoinqr.dev/) payment request. Payment requests can also be shared and paid over NFC.

Reviewer 2: Not sure how important it is to point out the different types of payment requests here...

For NFC, maybe add "if the POS hardware and user devices support it"?

> When accepting lightning payments, these POS terminals often connect to a remote always on lightning node. An example of is a merchant using a dedicated iPad to connect to [BTCPay Server](https://btcpayserver.org/) instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When accepting lightning payments, these POS terminals often connect to a remote, always-on lightning node. For example, a merchant may use a dedicated iPad to connect to a [BTCPay Server](https://btcpayserver.org/) instance.
```

> Accepting lightning payments with POS hardware can also be offline using a standard like [LNURL](https://github.com/fiatjaf/lnurl-rfc) to easily receive payments. An example of this is [LNURLPoS](https://github.com/arcbtc/LNURLPoS)

Reviewer: I agree with everything being said here, but I think this and the above paragraph make it seem like there are two ways to make a bitcoin POS:
- Always on lightning node embedded in POS terminal
- Completely offline LNURLPoS

In my experience, these are the least common bitcoin POS systems. The most common bitcoin POS system is:
- POS terminal which connects remotely to a lightning node with API calls (e.g. using Chivo, Ibex, or OpenNode, or even accessing one's BTCPayServer from an iPad).

Author: Made changes to reflect these points, though your last point would probably be more suitable (and already is very minimally) in the software categories page.

> Accepting lightning payments with POS hardware can also be fully offline using a standard like [LNURL](https://github.com/fiatjaf/lnurl-rfc) to easily receive payments. An example of this is [LNURLPoS](https://github.com/arcbtc/LNURLPoS)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Accepting lightning payments with POS hardware can also be fully offline, using a standard like [LNURL](https://github.com/fiatjaf/lnurl-rfc) to easily receive payments. An example of this is [LNURLPoS](https://github.com/arcbtc/LNURLPoS).
```
LNURLPoS is a horrible name for a product, hope that will be changed at some point.

Reviewer: Agreed on the LNURLPoS thing, but I'd argue it's the name of a technology and not a product. I think Ben is putting the tech out there as FOSS so other people can turn it into an actual product. So my thinking is that any individual or company who picks up his tech will come up with their own unique name for the product.
